>> Jen Kramer: The next thing we're gonna
take a look at is this product called
CodePen, which you can find
at codepen.io on the web.
And as it says here, this is
an environment where we can post our work,
we can post our HTML,
our CSS and our JavaScript,
we can share it with other people.
We can get new ideas of how to code
things or show people our own work.
It's a really great tool and
you'll find it you'll be using it a lot
as you work as a front-end web developer.
So I wanted to show you how
we can move code in and
out of CodePen over these next two videos.
So you have a sense of how easy
it is to work with CodePen.
If you want you can create an account for
CodePen,
just go over to the Signup button and
create an account as you normally would.
If you already have one you can go
ahead and log in, but you can complete
this exercise without having any of
that login if you don't wanna use it.
So I'm going to start
here from codepen.io,
I'm going to click on the create button
and I'm going to click on New Pen.
And this is going to give me a screen and
you'll see that I have three boxes.
I have an HTML box, I have a CSS,
and I have a JavaScript box.
And I can put code in all of
three of these boxes, and
down here on the bottom it will show
me what the web page is looking like.
So let's go ahead and give this a try.
If you hop back in to VS code
here we're going to go in to
the folder called codepen-challenge.
And we'll start by going into index.html.
And you'll see here that we have
a whole bunch of code here for
this particular webpage.
So what we're going to do is
we're gonna copy, not all, but
some of this HTML into
the CodePen documentation.
So we don't need to copy the whole thing,
we'll actually right
here after the body tags.
So right here where it starts
with a header on line nine.
And we're gonna go all
the way down here to line 34.
So what have I left out?
I've left out all of the stuff at the top
that defines this as an HTML document, and
links us to the style sheet.
You don't need any of that,
those first eight lines of code.
And then down here at the bottom,
these last three lines of code
are basically linking us to JavaScript and
finishing up the HTML document.
You don't need those lines either, so
just lines 9 to 34 and
we'll go ahead and copy that.
And then copy.
And then we'll go to our
HTML window over here.
Just go ahead and
click inside of it and hit Paste.
So just Ctrl+V or Cmd+V.
And that will show you,
you can move these windows around,
you can see that this
the start of a web page.
And you'll probably notice that
there's a lot of stuff missing.
We have some buttons here,
we have some pictures but
our text doesn't look very good.
What was the problem here again?
Right, no CSS.
So let's go ahead and
add some CSS to that.
We go back to our vs code.
We're gonna go into our css folder and
look at styles.css.
You can go ahead and
copy this whole entire thing.
So Ctrl or Cmd+A to select it all,
Ctrl or Cmd+C to copy it.
And then simply just paste all of that
styling right here into your CSS window.
And you can see instantly, our webpage
is looking a zillion times better.
Look at that.
But unfortunately, these are accordion
panels and when I click on them,
nothing happens.
And so what's the problem when
we have a situation like that?
I'm clicking on something and
nothing happens,
it's often a problem with the JavaScript.
So now we can go ahead and
copy in our JavaScript.
>> Jen Kramer: Once again,
here in our codepen-challenge folder,
go into the folder Look at accordion.js.
We'll go ahead and copy all of that stuff,
just highlight it all and copy it.
And then here in our JavaScript window,
we can go ahead and paste that in place.
So you'll see the little web page
down there in the bottom refreshes,
and then you should be
able to click on those.
accordion panels and
see the text that's hiding inside of them.
Pretty cool.
So its very simple to take a website
that you've already put together on
your own local computer and
you can put it up here on CodePen and
share it with the world if you'd like to.
Now you can now give that code
pen a name up here on the top.
If you're logged in you
can save this CodePen.
If you click the Save button,
it's probably
gonna prompt me to log in or
not, there we go.
So it'll ask if you haven't signed up
already, you can go ahead and sign up.
If you are signed up as I am
you can go ahead and log in.
>> Jen Kramer: And then you'll have
an option up here at the top of the page
where you can change
the name of your CodePen.
My First CodePen.
>> Jen Kramer: You can go ahead and
save things.
And it's pretty easy to go ahead and
post those files up here on CodePen.
And now everybody can see
the work that I have been doing.